### YTPMVSD v20250702
Long time no see! :) We've opened up a new [Discord server](https://discord.gg/jGKaQWj8nC) for the site! Here you can submit bug reports and feature requests (which are also open on our [GitHub](https://github.com/ytpmvsd/ytpmvsd) if you'd rather do that!), and keep up on the development of the website! Lots of updates this time around were in the backend, but we've got some pretty cool things in the works, so come check it out!

### <span style="color:green">New features</span>
#### API!
The site now uses an API for most features! You can go to pages like [this one](/api/top_samples) and get a .json representation of data on the site! Our next project takes advantage of this heavily 👀
#### Pagination!
Instead of showing every single sample on one page on the [samples](/samples) page, it will now show multiple pages you can switch between. In the future, this will be added to the sources and user pages too!

### <span style="color:orange">Changes</span>
#### Favicon and social links footer added!
This should make the site look a little more professional. Make sure to join our new [Discord server](https://discord.gg/jGKaQWj8nC)!
#### Metadata database table!
Previously, metadata for a video was fetched from the file on our server every time you visited the page. It is now cached in the database, improving load times.

### <span style="color:red">Bug fixes</span>
- Uploading multiple samples has been fixed.
- More hardcoding that led to broken pages is now unhardcoded.
- Thumbnails for non-16:9 samples are now pillarboxed/letterboxed.
- Upload filesize limits have been adjusted to show our proper error pages.
- Various other crashes you could come across have been fixed.